<p style="text-align:justify; margin:0in 0in 10pt"><span style="font-size:11pt"><span style="line-height:115%"><span style="font-family:Calibri,&quot;sans-serif&quot;">If you are just starting out and looking for a way to make money on eBay, it is recommended that you consider using a dropship resource. Start your search and you will find that there are many dropouts to choose from, but there are many problems with finding the right company. Sometimes the dropship supplier does not show the products you are looking for. In other cases, the costs are much higher. Some suppliers just take your money and then disappear. This is the second in a four-part series that will look at ways to check out potential companies to find the right one for your business. So <a href="http://dropshippingbusinesstips.com/can-you-start-dropshipping-business-with-no-money/" style="color:blue; text-decoration:underline">Can You Start Dropshipping Business With No Money</a>?</span></span></span></p>

<p style="text-align:justify; margin:0in 0in 10pt"><span style="font-size:11pt"><span style="line-height:115%"><span style="font-family:Calibri,&quot;sans-serif&quot;">1) Does the dropshipper carry products to your market? If you are really building a long-term business, you will need to identify a specific niche market and specific products to sell in that region. You will never forget the importance of creating a list of participants. You will focus on selling in this niche and building a list of these target customers and leads for future sales. Many dropship companies encourage you to market a variety of products that do not fit this model. Using dropship companies that can&#39;t provide the products you need to make this model work can make a profit in the short term. However, unless you sell general merchandise in large quantities, the best way to make money on eBay is to focus on a specific niche and product group in that niche.</span></span></span></p>

<p style="text-align:justify; margin:0in 0in 10pt"><span style="font-size:11pt"><span style="line-height:115%"><span style="font-family:Calibri,&quot;sans-serif&quot;">2) Can you make a profit from the products you sell using this dropshipper resource? Dropship companies have a number of inherent costs that they have to bear. They make initial purchases, receive goods, handle inventory, control inventory, write out, pack and ship goods, and more. All of these activities cost money. Make sure you still have a profit after adding these costs to your paid dropship costs. Due to the competitive nature of eBay, suppliers often fail this test.</span></span></span></p>

<p style="text-align:justify; margin:0in 0in 10pt"><span style="font-size:11pt"><span style="line-height:115%"><span style="font-family:Calibri,&quot;sans-serif&quot;">3) Does the supplier include only your company information on the packaging when shipping the products? One of the costs of doing business with a dropship company is that they have instant access to every customer who buys the product you are doing business with. It&#39;s hard to know how this information will be used, and you certainly can&#39;t directly control its end use. (Be sure to ask about their policies regarding customer names, addresses, and other information.) One area you need to make sure is to use your business information only for parcels sent to your customers. Has done. Make sure that the supplier&#39;s information is not indicated on the packaging and that the packaging does not contain inappropriate information. Lastly, make sure that it does not include information about your bulk costs on labels and other documents.</span></span></span></p>

<p><span style="font-size:11.0pt"><span style="line-height:115%"><span style="font-family:&quot;Calibri&quot;,&quot;sans-serif&quot;">4) Does the dropshipper deliver within 3-5 business days of payment? eBay customers expect fast delivery of their purchased goods. Always contact dropship suppliers for delivery speeds as soon as they receive payment for the product from you. The rest of this discussion should include a policy on out-of-stock items and return orders, which unfortunately take place through a <a href="http://dropshippingbusinesstips.com/15-best-dropshipping-suppliers-usa-in-2021/" style="color:blue; text-decoration:underline">dropshipping suppliers USA</a>. Simply sending a notice to a customer a few days after paying for a product will not help your situation with that customer. Make sure you have a notification process in place that notifies you of this information immediately. After all, one of the keys to making money on eBay is satisfied customers who come back again and again, and fast delivery and good communication of problems and solutions contribute to the relationship.</span></span></span></p>
